Following the split of Continental Brands from PetroChem, PetroChem execs seek vengeance.

By spinning up a new company, National Foods, they wish to compete directly with Continental Brands, as well as give them a bit of cover for any dastardly deeds. 

[[Cindy Mancheski]] is determined to make this her big break. She's just a Junior Exec, but the stars are lining up. The director of the NC division, [[Carl Mosenberg]], is a fat old slouch. She could push him out easily. First though, she needs to prover her worth. Luckily, R&D has cooked up something great, and she is gonna sell the shit out of it.

The new National Foods offering: [[LovePaks]]! (Still working on that name tho...)

LovePaks promises to sate the hunger of any corporations workforce, and thanks to the PetroChem backing, they are priced competitively with Kibble. While styling themselves as a PrePak, the dirt cheap GMO wheat and cricket protein are nothing special. What is special, is how it makes you feel! LovePaks guarantee that your employees will feel an overwhelming sense of loyalty to you, their caretaker! With white label branding, PrePak packaging, and a new proprietary chemical blend, National Foods can provide a complete meal package.  Employees are shown to be 10x more likely to respond positively about their employer in anonymous surveys, 

By hitting the food supplier for Raven Microcyb, uncreatively called Micro Snacks, Cindy plans to exploit a supply chain vulnerability to ensure some market uptake of her new product. The job, though slightly botched, seems to have squeaked by under cover of gang violence. The Piranhas, who had a deal to brew after ours in Micro Snacks, don't know who did it, but they do know a few things: it wasn't the Inquisitors, and it was an old minivan with a bike rack. 

Cindy has her suspicions about the job, but it willing to take the team under her wing, at least until she figures out whether their stupidity or loyalty is greater. Still, after that fiasco, she wants to keep it low profile for a while. The team will be running reconnaissance on Carl while she works Microcyb. Unfortunately, the Piranhas have a big presence in New Westbrook, on the way to the executive zone. 

The crew gets completely ambushed by the gangers while trying to tail Carl's [[zoom2u]] charter car. The fight leaves piranha corpses all over the street, notably minus their lieutenant. After that mission gone awry, they find the car again using some street cameras. Following it to the Atlantis, they start planning a mission to infiltrate the zoom2u, kill Carl, and pin it on the Piranhas.

Gearing up for the mission, Cindy sends them to talk to her contact, 'Charade'. [[Charade]] runs a night market out in Watson, but this upcoming event is scheduled right in the middle of a surprise lockdown. Now, how does a criminal running a black market know when the lockdown is happening? Regardless, the gang scores some nice cyberware, going full poser gang by getting some poisonous vampire teeth. 

Geared up and ready to make a move, the rocker calls in a favor from a fan: some roofies and some drinks. Making a quick move, she doses the poser ganger fan, and they shove him into a stolen get away car. Then, they drop their netrunner and driver off at zoom2u, where the driver has been working a min wage job the past week. His keycard gets them in the door, though some maintenance techs do wonder why this homeless looking old man, the netrunner, has been let in the building. He scrubs the floor with the net architecture, though the company's contracted netrunner, [[Pirate]], does get a ping as they peel out in a stolen limo. With the limo, freshly loaded with extra gas for a bigger boom, and knowledge of Carl's schedule, they pick him up as normal, and he barely even notices the new driver. As they get closer to the designated spot, the rest of the team starts chasing the limo in their get away car, firing potshots at it. They let it get away, as their driver takes carl into a deep underground parking garage, cutting off his trauma team signal. He dives out of the car just before it barrels into a wall, and the gas inside is detonated. Carl's heavily cybered body is blown free of the crash. He slowly starts to stand as his flesh burns off, just in time for the rest of the team to slam into him with their getaway driver. They drop their dosed fall guy, and swerve out of the garage, only to find some cops coming to check the explosion. Most of the cops drive down into the garage, but one car does follow them. Their driver pulls over, and the crew acts scared of what just went down. Still, they cannot talk their way outa getting booked, so they draw iron on these two officers and open fire. Their solo gets the finishing kill on both, decapitating them and taking their heads.

After that, Cindy sets up the office as a safe house, while she is going to be needed elsewhere, taking the rocker with her for PR. She gives the team strict instructions to stay put for the week, having had cots put in their offices. As they idle away the time, they start to notice some extra limos driving around outside, a little to regularly. Eventually, Klondike starts howling and screaming, before running into a vent and eventually out on the street. Minty and Azmat head out after him, and get a ping showing their exact location via a live cam feed from a street lamp outside. Azmats family tells him that he has too much heat, and they need to cut him off until things die down. Screens and billboards in the office and outside start playing targeted [[LovePaks]] ads at Alex. Bringing the combative cat back in, they jack him into Vegas' chair, and both get fried, falling unconscious. Eventually, a little maus drone is spotted in the office. Minty uses his tactile boost and quick reflexes to track and kill a drone, Another is detected in the garage, where it cuts power. Feeling under attack, the crew monkey patches the helicopter and flees the building. They call a busy Cindy, who tells them about her weapons cache. They get back into the building, and track down and fight drones, while Vegas and his ghost have a 3 way way with the hacker Pirate. They go on the offensive, taking out his relay in a limo parked down the street, and stealing a walker drone from him. The net ghost fries Pirate, and Vegas wakes with little recollection of his fight with the ghost, like waking from a dream. 

While in Europe, between all the investor meetings, Ciorse gets to meet Cindy's parents, who are SovOil executives, and have a massive mansion in Paris. She also gets to do a bit of shopping at the high end stores in Paris and London. They fly back in an AV, stopping at a drift city made of 10s of oil tankers in the Atlantic. Around this behemoth of metal, little archipelagos of smaller ships cluster, and small kayaks putter between them. As they come in over night city, the AV starts to shudder and shake, then, the lights inside go red. Cindy's eyes flash as she checks the AV's computer, and sees that they have been forcibly grounded my NC air traffic control. With little control over their descent, she tells the rest of the team to come get her from the Hot Zone, in the old center of night city. The team comes takes the helicopter and their new drone, except for Minty who drives. As they land, scavs start circling, and the AV puts down in the street. The doors open, and the twisted remains of skyscrapers surround them, leftovers from the bombing of Arasaka tower. A radioactive red haze hugs the ground, with the trash and detritus from years of salvage. Cindy starts tanking damage as the AV doors open outside of their control. As the team makes it to them, a sniper shot rings out, damaging the Heli. As they start to clear scavs, more shots start to target Ciorse. The a sniper in the distance seems to exclusively want Ciorse dead. Vegas hacks the AV, reasserting control and taking it to chase down the sniper. After investigating the gear he left behind, the realize he is a bounty hunter, after a UN bounty on Ciorse. His methods match that of a renowned NC bounty hunter called the Bullet Bender.

With their bonus in hand after retrieving Cindy, they go look for somewhere to spend it, as well as looking for the Bullet Bender. They head out to the Badlands on a tip from Azmats family, finding a big nomad gathering and a gun store. Azamat wins some money from fighting a robot, and then the gang heads to the Afterlife. They schmooz their way in, and happen across the sniper, drinking. They rough him up, getting all of them kicked out of the bar. Then the gang turns him into Cindy, who takes his card and sends him on his way.

Raided the Oasis Foods with a "peaceful" protest