 It is also possible for a Netrunner to Jack In to a target’s Neuroport directly, using their Personal Link (Interface Plug). This can’t be done to an unwilling target unless they are unconscious or fully restrained and unable to physically resist. Awake targets are aware they’re being hacked and can attempt to eject the enemy Netrunner as per normal. When directly connected to a target, a Netrunner can take 1 additional NET Action per Turn and can bypass any Passwalls (but not Black ICE) installed. Jacking In to someone’s Neuroport directly requires proximity. Once connected, if the Netrunner or the target moves more than 2 m/yds (1 square) away the plug is pulled and the hacker is forcibly Jacked Out. The same is true if their Personal Link is yanked out or severed.

# SECURITY
All Neuroports are protected by basic firewall security. Any Netrunner with an Interface Rank of 1 or 2 must succeed at a DV6 Interface Check to bypass this built-in security when using the Jack In NET Action to log in. This Check is made before the opposed Interface versus WILL Check to determine if the target is aware of being hacked and failure does not alert the defender. Netrunners with an Interface Rank of 3 or higher bypass this security automatically with no Check required. If a Netrunner is booted from a Neuroport for any reason other than using the Jack Out NET Action, they are considered to have Unsafely Jacked Out and suffer the usual consequences. If a Netrunner is Unsafely Jacked Out of a target’s Neuroport they cannot attempt to hack back into the target for 60 minutes. A target’s Neuroport acts like a NET Architecture. If it has no Self-ICE or Black ICE installed, the NET Architecture has one floor – a Control Node (DV10) for the Neuroport’s attached holophone. Otherwise, the Neuroport has one floor per Passwall installed and/or Black ICE connected. A Neuroport’s initial firewall defenses are not considered a Passwall and do not occupy a floor. Neuroports cannot install Black ICE directly. Instead, a Neuroport borrows any Black ICE installed on a Cyberdeck the user is currently connected to. The Neuroport’s NET Architecture expands to accommodate the Black ICE. The user can order the floors to position any Passwalls, Black ICE, and the holophone Control Node however they like. Netrunners are always Jacked In to their own Neuroport and can always choose to interact with (and battle) another Netrunner who is invading their system. A Netrunner cannot be Jacked Out of their own Neuroport. Netrunners can leave a Virus in a Neuroport’s NET Architecture if they reach the bottom. This follows the normal rules as presented in the Cyberpunk RED core rulebook (see CP:R page 200). The Backdoor NET Action has been renamed Breach.

# QUICKHACKING CYBERWARE
Quickhacking cyberware using the full Cyberpunk RED rules system is a bit more involved than how it is presented in the Cyberpunk: Edgerunners Mission Kit. Pay attention and note we’ll be covering other changes to 2070s Netrunning, like deep diving, in another product. Netrunners can perform Quickhacks on Cyberware using the system outlined earlier in this book (see page 15) with the following changes. RANGE The range at which a Netrunner can Quickhack depends on what hardware they’re packing. An old-fashioned external Cyberdeck still needs to be within 6 m/yds (3 squares) – or 8 m/yds (4 squares) if they’ve got the right hardware option installed – but if the Netrunner is rocking a Cyberdeck in a Neuroport Cyberdeck Port (see page 36) the range increases to 50 m/yds (25 squares)! Line of sight is still required.